Fix/auth settings global link (#10078)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/docs/guides/auth/server-side-rendering.mdx

<Admonition type="tip">

> You can configure [redirects URLs](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/auth) in the Supabase Dashboard. You can use wildcard match patterns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure [redirects URLs](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/auth/url-configuration) in the Supabase Dashboard. You can use wildcard match patterns
```
